He had asked of her such a simple, basic task and she had
failed him. She checked her watch.. 25 minutes late already and
she still had two more shops to visit and then a 15-minute walk
home.

She clutched her heavy bags and rushed to the last of the
shops she needed to visit. She stopped quickly outside, weighing
her dilemma. Should she continue straight home and avoid being
even later but return without the last of the items on her list,
or should she pick up what she needed but be more than an hour
later that she was told? She looked down at her aching hands;
she was already loaded with bags and knew she would be slowed
further if she had even more to carry.

She backed away from the shop door and turned to head home,
clutching her heavy bags. The walk passed quickly as her mind
raced, trying to predict how she would have to pay for her
mistakes, yet knowing that trying to guess was pointless, as Sir
never just settled for a typical punishment. His imagination
was something that she had found so attractive when they first
met, but sometimes she just wished she knew what was coming her
way.

She turned a corner and the house came into sight. Her heart
rate instantly increased as she felt that familiar sinking
feeling in the pit of her stomach that she always got whenever
she knew she had disappointed him. Struggling with her bags,
she fumbled around to find her keys. As she walked down the
path, she looked up to see him standing at the window, waiting
for her.

Before she had a chance to find her keys, the door opened. She
looked up to him, grateful, a slight smile on her face as she
thought for a moment that perhaps he had seen how she was
struggling and perhaps she wouldn't be in trouble after all.
But that hope didn't last for long.

"What time is it?" His tone was serious and his expression showed
no hint of amusement or sympathy.

She scurried into the hall and gently placed the bags down on
the floor so she could check her watch. "It is 15:25, Sir," she
said timidly.

"Yes, it is 15:25, so what does that mean?”
She hung her head a little, and sighed deeply. "I am late, Sir."

He moved over to her quickly and grasped her arms roughly,
startling her. "Don't sigh like that girl. I made it quite clear
you were to be back here by 14:30, but you were clearly not
paying attention, were you?"

2
